Updated Durable Functions, Logic Apps Table (#81018)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-compare-logic-apps-ms-flow-webjobs.md

| **Actions** | Each activity is an Azure function; write code for activity functions |[Large collection of ready-made actions](../logic-apps/logic-apps-workflow-actions-triggers.md)|
| **Monitoring** | [Azure Application Insights](../azure-monitor/app/app-insights-overview.md) | [Azure portal](../logic-apps/quickstart-create-first-logic-app-workflow.md), [Azure Monitor logs](../logic-apps/monitor-logic-apps.md)|
| **Management** | [REST API](durable/durable-functions-http-api.md), [Visual Studio](/visualstudio/azure/vs-azure-tools-resources-managing-with-cloud-explorer) | [Azure portal](../logic-apps/quickstart-create-first-logic-app-workflow.md), [REST API](/rest/api/logic/), [PowerShell](/powershell/module/az.logicapp), [Visual Studio](../logic-apps/manage-logic-apps-with-visual-studio.md) |

> | **Execution context** | Can run [locally](./functions-kubernetes-keda.md) or in the cloud | Runs anywhere - Azure, locally or on premises |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Execution context** | Can run [locally](./functions-kubernetes-keda.md) or in the cloud | Runs in Azure, locally, or on premises. For more information, see [What is Azure Logic Apps](../logic-apps-overview.md#resource-environment-differences). |
```
